feat: EPMLSTRCMW-192 Add doc to upload file in Pipeline (#137)
EpamLifeSciencesTeam/cmwl_pipeline: README.md

* Instead of `<project_name>` insert the name of new project

If creation succeed, response OK with HTTP status 200 will be returned.

### Get project by name (if exists)
To get project by name send GET request <br>
to address `<cromwell_pipeline_url>/projects?name=<project_name>` <br>
with header `Authorization <auth_token>` <br>
* Instead of `<cromwell_pipeline_url>` insert the application URL
* Instead of `<auth_token>` insert the authorization token

If project exists, response OK with HTTP status 200, and the following response body will be returned:
```
{
    "projectId": "<project_id>",
    "ownerId": "<owner_id>",
    "name": "<project_name>",
    "active": true,
    "repositoryId": <repository_id>,
    "visibility": "<visibility>"
}
```
### Step 3: Upload file to project
To upload file into existing project send POST request <br>
to address `<cromwell_pipeline_url>/files` <br>
with header `Authorization <auth_token>` <br>
and request body:
```
{
    "project": {
        "projectId": "<project_id>",
        "ownerId": "<owner_id>",
        "name": "<project_name>",
        "active": true,
        "visibility": "<visibility>",
        "repositoryId": <repository_id>

>     },

Reviewer: *does not require changes*
Don't forget to update it once another your MR is merged

    }
}
```
* Instead of `<cromwell_pipeline_url>` insert the application URL
* Instead of `<auth_token>` insert the authorization token
* Instead of `<project_id>` insert the id of project, which configuration you want to build
* Instead of `<file_name>` insert the file name ("hello.wdl")
* Instead of `<file_content>` insert the content from [cromwell-sample/hello.wdl](https://github.com/EpamLifeSciencesTeam/cmwl_pipeline/blob/a2a82a63ed8c66dc881892c8645e40ee58a36c1a/cromwell-sample/hello.wdl) file

If building succeed, response OK with HTTP status 200, and the following response body will be returned:
```
{
    "projectId": "<project_id>",
    "active": true,
    "projectFileConfigurations": [
        {
            "path": "<file_name>",
            "inputs": [
                {
                    "name": "forkjoin.grep.float",
                    "typedValue": {
                        "_type": "Float"
                    }
                },
                {
                    "name": "forkjoin.grep.pattern",
                    "typedValue": {
                        "_type": "String"
                    }
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

> ### Step 5: Add configuration to MongoDB
> To add configuration to MongoDB send PUT request <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 5: Add configuration
To add configuration to your Project send PUT request <br>
```
Do not share implementation details in manuals
